Galina Sergeyevna Shatalova
man of legends
in the classroom philosophy second reading personal
reception blessed the first Russian
Nobel Prize Academician
Pavlova
for many years successfully worked at the institute
space research
Academy of Sciences of the USSR
prepared and conducted
dozens of scientific experiments
shocked
christian world
created the system naturally in
poisoning
thanks to which it was great for 5 thousand
their actions
currently
continues to actively promote
vegetarian lifestyle
I think that there is nothing to buy children there is no
own salvation
need to admit
rector square and all she had to do
Russia lacks sense
do they manage
she's quite an interesting person in
circles around medical fans
however, it was calculated long ago
city ​​apartment
so around the day
in the country
comes to Moscow twice a week
teach
83 of them
in the winter it pays off just rubles easily without
workout sit on the splits
two three hours a day
different money complain that they get fat
she wrote 9 books
one of which could not stand and 14 and if
earlier
but fans watch her gd not so that
get an autograph
Astana
nutritionist what is it
she can save a man from a tractor
enterprises
everything is simple
if typed treat
means war in these two parts bbc
failure of her was not when she
worked
me too
when such a periodicity of chemistry
being in favor of other exhibitions
the shatal system during the operation
and mystical and even psychologically
exercises
I will go up before birth
if winter
stretches of snow
then I study Altai
training
when by special station
accepts her benefit
have any corrections
eset is male
forward different judgments customized
on the service
in general, it's all pretty much
have to change already have a preliminary
of its existence
in life you have to change the stuffing not
his
even think confirmed shatalov
starts training
for this team
in the emirates
breathing correctly to the word taught her
well-known apartment Ivanov
this powerful old man possessed
phenomenal ability
but it turns out to be local
banks
can be solved
dissolved oxygen in water
no one takes the idea of ​​the shatal when seven
years ago she took some of her
patients and sentenced Karakum
with the intention to overcome several
hundred kilometers
draft decision minimum
of consumption
forwarders would fly man
more cancer patient ex
hypertension
woman freed shatalovoy cirrhosis
liver last 5 years
former worker
cube ex me money ex kidney
all this fun company
should have confirmed like spirit
scrabble Talas hypothesis scientifically
reasonable rainfall
what a man in the desert
must drink this day no less game
contract
she suggested that cancel work
enough
because as they share me consumed
liquids are spent on
decomposition of the sidelnikov cube
if there are a lot of proteins
means
and 2 thousand just do not need
solution of this riddle confirmed in 16 days
expedition 5 50 degree heat passed
500 kilometers drank every day and if
tube students Daria Podgursky flights
dried fruit and met in the morning standing
Sberbank on the head cool mid and even
replenish the truth after
the results of the expedition were
unveiled jackals a letter came from
Czech Republic
in the seaside czech athletes in
prehistoric athletes
you know that typing is far from
go away and drink less than ten liters
in desert
no way is possible on the second day
dehydration ten years
next year
who had to organize another
expedition
so local media kaiser chiefs of the Czechs
mother dispute came six foreign
apparatus
By decision horseradish circuits there is the
there is
no results
Kampala ate and drank
beer on the street
6 thousand kilocalories
and 10 liters of water per day
shatalov as always
three Czechs ran out of rhinestones
the rest through 134 funds from Chechnya
Kiyatkin bloggers decent body
following games to protect
didn't go
is her system
the main thing according to Galina
this is the choice of the right move cookies
children lives
abroad
which should be most complete
corresponds to
coded by nature
physiologically particular person
how we provide ourselves
with energy
first of all
publication is required
food consumption
preserved their biological
properties
as well as retirement
thousands
actually
cold weather
by the way then this little climb
shoulder
those miserable 1200 kilocalories of which
not yet
for vital activity
of the body
even with high physical exertion
that not the same person
although some scientists
still counts
that only her
meanwhile still on wednesday
he was told by the Syrian East that
man does not get energy
channel
through points of points
through the senses
something that feeds us low weight 1 2
and in the air
Incidentally composition special attention in the capital
Syktyvkar
Galina Stepenko Shatalov
continues to wear at the mark in the cafe
genie in the Moscow region
and its actions are school sectors
health plans for the future
can be found on her website
natural self-awareness
shatalova